# New DigiByte related videos for the website

### Submitted by
@DGBNOOB

### Bounty details
No, but since the videos will be served on the main https://digibyte.org website, they will reach large audience. Designers can take the benefits of the traffic through their YouTube channel.

### Is this being worked on?
No

### Specifics
We need to update some of the current videos on the https://digibyte.org due the mobile wallet no longer on iOS and newer versions of Android no longer support the application. There have also been version upgrades in the the DigiAsset protocol. 

1) Current "What are DigiAssets?" video should be updated according to the latet version. Much of the information on the current videos is educational, however. the video was taylored around the DigiByte mobile wallet apps and as mentioned above the mobile wallet is no longer on iOS app store and newer versions of Android no longer support the application. There have also been version upgrades in the the DigiAsset protocol. 

2) Current "What is Digi-ID" video suggest to "download the Digibyte mobile wallet today and get started using Digi-ID". The issue here is that the video directs viewers to download the digibyte mobile wallet to start using Digi-ID, however Digi-ID is supported on Digi-ID/AntumID, Coinomi, Ownbit, and Digi-ID desktop. A better suggestion might be to visit supported Digi-ID supported apps on Digi-ID.io and DigiByte.org.  

Apart from these two, other DigiByte videos can also be updated and direct viewer to the respective websites, where they can find more information about the technology and where to find supported applications.

Creators can host the videos on their own YouTube account to get traffic benefits. Once the videos are complete, they can go through the pull request/review process to be included into the DigiByte videos repository.

### Work progress

| Date | Milestone |
| --- | --- |
| 3/23/2024 | Submitted for inclusion | 